Create bix-ops-harmonization-request.md (#50)
PediatricOpenTargets/ticket-tracker: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bix-ops-harmonization-request.md

---
name: Bix Ops kids-first/D3B dataset harmonization ticket
about: Use this issue template to create a kids-first/D3B datasets harmonization ticket
title: 'Bix Ops harmonization request , [study name]'
labels: bix-ops, harmonization
assignees: zhangb1
---

<!--Hi there! Please take a moment to fill out the template below.-->

## This section is required for PM/ADAPT team

### [Required] For what study (study_id) is this request?

### [Required] Basic study information 

> - [ ] Is this D3B or Kids First study:
> - [ ] Study short name:
> - [ ] PI name:
> - [ ] Fiscal year:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Is this an OT or Kids First study:
- [ ] If KF, PI name and fiscal year:
- [ ] Study short name:
```
